$Id: TODO 951 2006-08-29 12:35:19Z mattias $

debian package does not build anymore, fakeroot seams to chown doc
dircetory to root:root which dh_installdocs wants to write to... hmm

SDL-ttf 2.0

ESC-key should select first menu item?

Debian: silly pureness, but we should generate two debian packges one with data and one with binary
If someone has the time, this is probably what needs to be done:
Add a citris-common packge with "Arch: all"
Add depend on citris-common to citris package
Make all non /usr/bin/* files be in citris-common, (special debian/ files?)

Pile height highlight, deep blue...

I think there is a bug that makes shapes some time drop directly, but not sure.. ai does it some times and i have expericened myself when playing

Make submenu for options, option for fullsceeen also maybe?
Figuare out a nice look for options

PARTIAL DONE, Maybe try to use "delta" updates in gamefield_render (useing a internal surface?)
Then only render "new" things also, next shape only if tetris->new...

Install instructions, deb, rh, make install

Copyright year

Credit and Help screen?

Find out what is the "standard" color of the shapes (original ms-dos tetris seams to use different colors then we)

PARTIAL DONE, Proportional font to resolution?

Implement "two-pices" strategy into AI, this is low prio but probably not that hard :)

PARTIAL DONE, DATA_DIR=".", Windows port :), fix paths in util.c to be portable ifdef WINDOWS \\ endif

Better scoring system, drop bonus and stuff

PARTIAL DONE (static var in game.c insted), Fix better indication on AI player, new field in tetris struct?

sgid games if we implement a highscore?

PARTIAL DONE, Delay or make a "game over" text until keypress (or timed) when player dies

Create colors.c that inits all color constants used, then call fooColor insted of fooRGBA 

Unclump assertions, makes it possible to see which logic expression that failed

Anti-aliasing on shapes, make it better, seams to get sharp in some angles

DONE, Shape "depth color" at high resolutions

Use fonts, URW Gothic L

NOT NICE, DONE, Next shape rendering, how?

PARTIAL DONE (need to learn how alpha _really works), Menu, use "blobbs" as selection

DONE, Show level, score etc in a better way

PARTIAL DONE, Now we have a background demo, so only left to do is a np-complete tetris A.I

Fix font renderer

Fix variable screen resolutions

Highscores and configuration (i.e. persistant data)

Do an fgrep -r TODO *

